Optimizations that might be added/removed from twotrees.pure
------------------------------------------------------------

1. Can we get a C version of strcmp that pins its results to -1,0,1?
At least on FreeBSD's libc, the return value can be any byte.
If libpure.so provided a custom version that just pinned the result to
that range, the cmp code for strings in this library might conceivably
be faster.

2. With the various mtrees, I stored
new data at the front of the list, rather than at the end. This makes
inserts and lookups faster. But I made sure to mimic avltrees handling
of deletes, so that it's always the first-added element that gets
deleted. (I'm not sure I have a view about which element should ideally
be deleted in that case, and eliminating the element closer to the front
of the list would be more efficient. But I wanted to exactly match
avltrees behavior.) So deletes are slower in my implementation.

I could easily reverse this, and store new data at the end of the list,
as avltrees does. I don't know which would generally be more efficient.
I guessed that doing it the way I did would be, but there's no
measurements to back that guess up.

4. One optimization present here is to reduce the number of comparisons on
lookups, when the objects being compared are ordered but aren't one of the
primitive datatypes.

5. Another is to abort an insert if the object is already in the tree
(rather than building a duplicate tree).

Conceivably the small overhead the optimizations introduce might slow things
down with small trees, but I doubt it.

6. Various functions return multiple results as a tuple, and in some cases one
of the tuple elements might possibly be (). I handle this by using ...,
'(prev_element, element_that_might_be_zero_tuple). I'm not sure how much of a
slowdown that idiom introduces. If any: since we're avoiding some expansions it
ought to be faster, right? But it may be that this is a source of slowdown, and
that other techniques here would work better.

7. Currently a bunch of functions build closures for their special behavior and
call a core set of general functions. (So deletek, deletekv, mdelete,
mdeletek, mdeletekv, hdelete, hdeletek, hdeletekv, mhdelete, mhdeletek,
mhdeletekv all call pop_key.) In some cases these closures are recursive and so
need to be built anyway, but not in all cases. Perhaps copying the core set of
functions and inlining the distinctive behavior (as the avltrees library
currently does) would give a speedup. I don't know if LLVM is smart enough yet
that that kind of tweaking is unnecessary.

